Abc to booklet errors (#56)
brewingcode/shanties: booklet/randy-dandy-o.md

# Randy Dandy O

{chorus}
[Cm]Heave a pawl oh heave a way
> [Cm]Way [Bb]hey [Cm]roll and go
The [Eb]anchor's on board and the [Bb]cable's all stored

> > [Cm]To me rollickin' randy [G7]dandy [Cm]O

Author: ```suggestion
[Am]Heave a pawl oh heave a way
> [G]Way hey [C]roll and go
The [C]anchor's on board and the [G]cable's all stored
> To me [Am]rollickin' randy [E7]dandy [Am]O
```
